//////////////////DOCUMENTATION///////////////////


This project was written by React + Redux toolkit + Firebase. The app is responsive. I also used reactSkeleton to display the loading status. When you open the application, you get to the main page, which contains a list of space rockets that are obtained using an asynchronous API request. Before displaying the data, a localstorage check is made, if it is empty, then the loader is displayed, if there is data there, they will be displayed until the data is returned from the API, after which they will be replaced with this data. Selecting one of the list items - you get to the page of detailed information about this object. Using the useParams hook, I get the object id and make an asynchronous API request to get a specific instance.On the details page, a carousel of pictures is implemented, all information is also taken from API. The user account is implemented using firebase. User registration uses the auth method (Email/Password) that firebase provides for user registration. Also, during user registration, a memory cell is created in the firebase database (userData), to which (uid) and (email) are immediately added, the number of fields and input data can be increased if necessary. When doing a login, I get the data from firebase, which is then added to the store. Also, at the same time as logging the user, I get data from the firebase database by searching for a matching (uid) user and database. Thanks to this, we get the connection of the user's login through firebase and the data associated with the same user. Also there is a password recovery feature that firebase auth provides. After a successful login, instead of the buttons (log in | sign up), an active button of the user account appears. Clicking on the profile button opens the user profile, which displays the email received from the database. Also on the detailed information page there is a button (Add to favorites), which allows you to add the corresponding instance to your favorites. You cannot add the same instance multiple times. All favorites are displayed in the profile, namely (picture, title, (the "show" button redirects to the page of this instance) and the button for deleting an instance from favorites).
 
